welcome to slash forward
can you successfully inseminate someone
with a turkey baster
just something that's been on my mind
anyway we're going to take a look at the
2016 film don't breathe
only subscribe to the channel if movies
like this don't stress you out let's get
to it
we open on a quiet blue collar
neighborhood as we wonder what they may
be getting up to down there we pan in
slowly on a man
dragging a woman down the street so that
question is now answered
we then transition to a very fancy
doorknob and observe as a trio of
sophisticated burglars
waltz in and help themselves to many
fine goods
they're very savvy sticking to items
that keep the potential felony rating
fairly low in the event that they get
caught after making it out clean they
set the alarm off for good measure
and then they cruise the smooth well-lit
streets of detroit not a care in the
world
excited about the possibility of
stealing enough money's worth of goods
to finally move on
and out of there alex however is
somewhat sad to hear of this plan
feeling some level of responsibility to
stick things out there with his dad
when he gets home we learn that the
sophistication of their ingress is
somewhat of a handicap
as alex has access to a multitude of
house keys due to his pops working for
security firm then we circle back to
money who is not
satisfied with the cash value of his
score his fence convinces him the way to
go is to find a large cash of cash
so they don't have to worry about the
exchange rate and he provides a
potentially hot lead
he makes the pitch when they all meet up
there's a loner vet in an isolated part
of town
some rich girl killed his daughter in a
car accident got off free
and then her family settled with him for
an undisclosed sum
and as we all know these settlements are
usually paid out in large bricks of cash
alex always thinking of the consequences
wants to stick to petty larceny to avoid
jail time
but if we do this right we never have to
do it again
distracting us as we ponder then why
don't criminals always do
just the one job alex burns a flame for
rocky so when she starts pressing him
via text
he digs in to do some research ensuring
he creates a fairly substantial
electronic trail to investigate later
and as he's busy with this
we get a little insight into rocky's
home life it's pretty bleak
she desperately wants to get out of
there with her little sister so good
news
she now has something to look forward to
with that settled they begin their
reconnaissance
trying to determine the comings and
goings of the house back in the car we
learn a little more about rocky's
abusive childhood and her attachment to
ladybugs as a symbol of providence
alex wrapped up in the romance of the
moment decides he would come with them
if they managed to pull this off despite
the fact that rocky and money are
already involved in a relationship
we then learn that there's been no
movement at the house for five days
and no one else occupying any houses for
four blocks in any direction
so they decide to go in whether he's
there or not when they get a little
welcome buff from a doggy we learn that
he's also blind
so even better for them they prepare to
breach that very evening they roll up
hard and toss a tasty treat over the
fence to help the dog take a long
restful nap
then they examine the exterior finding
alex's keys to be essentially worthless
as there are four locks on the front
door they head to a side door where alex
tries to kill the alarm but they're not
in line of sight
the storm cellar is bolted from the
inside so rocky opts to shimmy into the
one small window that doesn't have bars
on it as soon as she trips the sensor
she has 30 seconds to find the alarm
control to turn it off and she just
barely manages it then she lets in the
boys and they all respectfully remove
their shoes before they begin rooting
around someone else's belongings
as they do this money heads upstairs to
mix little sleepy concoction
to make sure the homeowner remains calm
and subdued but he glances up to see him
alert creating some momentary anxiety
when it's confirmed he's just going for
the tv
money pops the bottle to fog the room
and heads back downstairs
confident now they can let loose a
little and this works to their benefit
because there's a room with a
substantial lock on it indicating there
may be something valuable held there in
and it takes some significant effort to
break it loose money decides the best
way to solve this problem is via gat
which is what he always thinks since
this ramps up the legal stakes
significantly alex decides that he's out
it hesitates momentarily for rocky then
is fully turned off
at the ludicrous idea that one can
suppress a handgun with a water bottle
loud or not it works to remove the lock
and they're pretty jazzed about it until
they notice the man standing in the
doorway
money thinks quick and tries to play it
like his presence is just the honest
mistake of a wayward partier too drunk
to realize he's in the wrong house
but the man feels out the disassembled
lock with his tootsie so money tries to
control the situation but this grizzled
vet can hear the quiver in his voice and
decides to test his metal by walking
straight at him
when money hesitates to actually use his
favorite problem solver he's easily
overpowered and told
teasingly to stop shooting himself and
then the body hits the floor
as he pounds the wall in frustration
rocky slides back into a closet alex
then wanders in to see what all the fuzz
is about and finds himself lucky that
the man's ears are still
ringing from the gunshot he's on the
hunt finding clues that allow him to
follow the intruder's path so he can
re-secure his home making them all safe
and
sound alex is lucky enough to wind up in
the bathroom because he's likely
straight pissing himself right now and
he and rocky confirm each other's
whereabouts via text
and then a bit of luck the man access is
a secret safe in the closet rocky
occupies
and she peeps the coat so when alex
makes his way to the closet rocky
immediately shushes him so she doesn't
forget the coat
and then starts casually packing away
the cash with the basement door now open
alex suggests they exit through the
storm cellar which is bolted from the
inside and is likely the easiest pathway
out but when they make for the door he
comes out of it
forcing them to freeze in place and
watch as he begins the process of
packing up and disposing of their friend
and then alex steps on a squeaky
floorboard forcing them to freeze and
wait to see if either of them are going
to get shot but the phone breaks the
showdown
and he curses his jumpiness and
continues with his job as he goes about
his business he catches a whiff of
something that he kind of likes
and ends up discovering a second pair of
shoes his worst fears are confirmed when
he checks the safe and finds it empty
downstairs they have some trouble
finding the door as the labyrinthine
seller is more expansive than they had
anticipated and then they're confronted
with a different kind of problem
turns out the young lady who killed his
daughter has been imprisoned in some
sort of a revenge scenario but before
they can decide what to do about it they
hear him come running due to his
rudimentary alarm system
she urgently points to another safe
which utilizes the same code allowing
them to release her before they head for
the cellar door
they discover that they had been naive
to assume there wouldn't be another lock
but this time they have a key ring
unfortunately he remains one step ahead
appearing from the outside and taking
some wild shots into the dark
nicking alex's ear and hitting rocky's
phone in the aftermath we see his
hostage took around to the face
he finds her in a pool of blood and has
a bafflingly emotive mournful response
to the discovery
who knew he would be such a softy he
then jams a padlock prompting alex to
recommend they try the front door with
their new keyring
but once they take to running he just
hits the lights plunging them into total
darkness buffalo bill style
he continues to take pot shots at them
as they wander in the darkness
and rocky very nearly delivers herself
to him however he takes off in the
direction of a noise alex made and gets
the drop on him he's saved only by the
lack of bullets left in the gun
alex manages to topple a shelving unit
on him and then they find light
after emerging from the basement and
jamming the door closed they're robbed
of their celebration by the hulking
shadow of the dog
alex manages to keep him calm as rocky
attempts the keys but then the door gets
slammed forcing them to run up and
barricade themselves inside an upstairs
bedroom
alex holds the door as rocky escapes
into the ducts and then the dog helps
alex break through the window
he takes a little breather there as the
man examines the space below
trying to ascertain his position the dog
then enters the wall space to pursue
rocky
forcing her to take a nosedive into an
unknown area meanwhile alex wakes up and
then finds himself back inside the house
where he tries to tuck himself away as
the man listens intently he can't help
but let out a little whimper giving the
man a signal to follow he comes in and
gets hammered by alex who then also gets
a momentary advantage when the dryer
turns on
unfortunately he's unable to capitalize
on this and ends up taking a pair of
shears to the gut
rocky then wakes up inside a wall
somewhere and finds a potential pathway
out but the process of escaping proves
to be too noisy and she gets dragged
back into the house where the man
pounces on her and chokes her
unconscious
she wakes up in a familiar harness and
pleads for her release claiming to
understand what he's going through and
making a presumptuous claim
none of this is gonna bring your
daughter back haha but that's where
you're wrong you see
they interrupted him when he was engaged
in enacting the perfect plan
since cindy had taken his little girl
away he was baking a replacement in her
oven so don't feel too sorry for him we
see briefly that the wrong body got
sheared
when are you blind while downstairs
cindy is disposed of and then the
harness gets cinched up
putting rocky in a somewhat awkward
position he gets uncomfortably close
with a pair of scissors and then moves
in on her whilst brandishing a turkey
baster right as our faces reach maximum
contortion we're relieved to see a
smattering of blood on rocky's face as
alex arrives just in time to bludgeon
him with a hammer
they get him cuffed give him the boots
grab the money and hit the front door
unfortunately alex pops a leak from what
oh
this [ __ ] again rocky heads to open
water and chides him in a bit of an
ableist manner
you're worthless out here so he lets the
dog out she makes it to her car but is
relieved of her backpack on the way in
this can't be for nothing so she
fashions a little trap by strapping the
trunk latch she's able to goad him to
enter and then pull and push at the same
time
locking him in the trunk only
momentarily however is he never quits
so she hooks him to himself and then
rolls out of the car but all this gave
old dude time to catch up
bringing us back to our opening scene as
she is tossed on the floor like a sack
of potatoes
we all give up on the inside but then an
omen
leading her to the panic switch the loud
noise puts him into a state of confusion
giving her the chance to rock him with
the crowbar until she finally levels him
and causes him to take a round of the
armpit when he falls into the cellar
then she runs right as the police arrive
as a result of the alarm system going
off
as she prepares to leave with her sister
we learn via the news that he survived
the ordeal and that she's likely home
free as the police have identified this
as a foiled home invasion involving only
two individuals
i have a website set up where you can
support the channel through donations or
merch and i'd like to take a moment to
give a huge thanks to my donors
memorialized in the hall of head shots
[Music]
well that was pretty crazy i think this
one really straddled the line well
tons of suspense plenty of payoff and it
threatened us with some pretty nasty
stuff
without actually making us go through it
my hat's off to you movie
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching